add details for the allowed http methods to ARM data source (#122679)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/visualize/workbooks-data-sources.md

To make a query control that uses this data source, use the **Data source** dropdown and select **Azure Resource Manager**. Provide the appropriate parameters, such as **Http method**, **url path**, **headers**, **url parameters**, and **body**.  Azure Resource Manager data source is intended to be used as a data source to power data *visualizations*; as such, it does not support `PUT` or `PATCH` operations.  The data source supports the following HTTP methods, with these expecations and limitations:

* `GET` - the most common operation for visualization, execute a query and parse the `JSON` result using settings in the "Result Settings" tab. 
* `GETARRAY` - for ARM APIs that may return multiple "pages" of results using the ARM standard `nextLink` or `@odata.nextLink` style response (See [Async operations, throttling, and paging](/rest/api/azure/#async-operations-throttling-and-paging), this method will make followup calls to the API for each `nextLink`, and merge those results into an array of results.
* `POST` - This method is used for APIs that pass information in a POST body.
  
> [!NOTE]

> > The ARM data source only supports results that return a 200 `OK` response, indicating the result is synchronous.  APIs returning asynchronous results with 202 `ACCEPTED` asynchronous result and a header with a result url are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Azure Resource Manager data source only supports results that return a 200 `OK` response, indicating the result is synchronous.  APIs returning asynchronous results with 202 `ACCEPTED` asynchronous result and a header with a result URL are not supported.
```
